Update SECURITY.md (#261)
zvonimirr/tenantee: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you discover a security vulnerability, please send an email to zvonimirr@example.com to notify the Tenantee security team. The security team will work with you to acknowledge receipt of the report and to resolve the vulnerability as quickly as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you discover a security vulnerability, please send an email to zvonimir.rudinski@noubis.com to notify the Tenantee security team. The security team will work with you to acknowledge receipt of the report and to resolve the vulnerability as quickly as possible.
```
